# About the Project
Platform/OS: Windows

Connection Requirements: Make sure youre connected to the UofM network

Interface: Web/HTML, make sure you have a browser (Recommended browser: Chrome) 

### Dependencies Needed
 1. Flask
 2. pymssql

### Web Scraping Files
1. `pokemonAbilityScraper.py`
2. `pokemonData.py`

These reference files are **not** required to run the project but they were used to scrape some data which has now been placed in our directory. `GenerationX.csv` and `Moves.csv` were generated using these scrapers.

### SQL Script Generation
The sql script was generated by running the `CsvToSQL.py`. This can be run again to regenerate the `Pokemon.sql` file. However, the sql file is already populated.

### Database Population
Every time the project is run, the database tables are wiped, new tables are created and populated. 

Command line will indicate when this is being done by printing "Connecting to server"

# Instructions
## Install Dependencies
Make sure you have python.3.11 installed
### Install Flask
`pip install flask`
### Install pymssql
`pip install pymssql`

### Running the Project
**Steps**

1. Make current directory the project folder `Pokedex`
2. Open terminal in that directory
3. Run command `python main.py`
4. Enter username and password as prompted. Note: Password is invisible when written. Press enter/return to confirm your input.
5. Wait for the link to be generated. Connection link might look similar to `http://127.0.0.1:5000`. You can copy this link to a browser or `CTRL+LeftClick`.
6. Once done using the interface, make sure to close the program running in the terminal using `CTRL+C`